Allow to configure S3 credentials (#4)
appuio/component-openshift4-registry: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

To disable image pruning, set the paramteter `pruning.suspend` to `true`.

== 's3Credentials`

[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default:: undefined

A dictionary holding a set of S3 credentials.

> If set, the secret `mage-registry-private-configuration-user`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If set, the secret `image-registry-private-configuration-user`.
```

> If set, the secret `image-registry-private-configuration-user`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If set, the secret `image-registry-private-configuration-user` will be created containing the credentials.
```

> Do this when configuring an S3 type at `config.storage`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use this when configuring an S3 type for `config.storage`.
```
